This batch of fakes must be the same as before
The counterfeit manufacturing and selling group cannot be trusted to continue its work
But now on the market
Colleagues will definitely listen carefully
They didn't dare to take action either
I believe someone will definitely notice this.
You mean you framed us this time?
It’s the same group of people who sold fake goods to Bai Tian before.
But whether they are the same group of people or not
We will never sit back and watch
But let’s take over Tianmei’s affairs
Why did they come to you?
The warning that Mr. Bai got before
Do you have any tidbits?
With the gangster I aborted back then
Lao Bai, you must help with this matter
These people are so scared that we will die
We must knock them all out
Don't worry, will I let them go if you don't tell me?
I'll give you news within three days